---
title: AmigaVision (MegaAGS) 2023.12.25	 Released with Updated Game Configurations
published: true
---

We are happy to announce that the latest release of AmigaVision/MegaAGS is available!

AmigaVision is the ultimate, open source Amiga setup for MiSTer and
Analogue Pocket FPGAs, emulators, and real hardware.

To find out where to download pre-built packages, visit the [AmigaVision](https://amiga.vision) site.

This is a straightforward, simple release to get AmigaVision current with the latest game and demo configurations, and fix some bugs and misconfigurations:

* WHDLoad configurations are up to date with WHDLoad 2023-12-23.
* Wings of Death crash on exit fixed.
* Some 5×PAL offsets/defaults improved: Turrican, Switchblade, Agony.
* Notable demo added: “The Black Lotus — Eon.” Definitely try it in our 6×PAL scaling in Widescreen 16:9 mode if you have a MiSTer! Just a stunning demo.
* Disk Magazines added: Stolen Data 9 & 10.
* Christmas version of Mega-lo-Mania added. Is this the first AI-assisted Amiga game hack?
* "Lost" Codemasters game added: Stuntman Seymour.
* Aspect ratio fixes for several games LucasArts and Cinemaware games: 
  * Maniac Mansion
  * Zak McKracken
  * Loom
  * Pipe Dream
  * Battlehawks 1942
  * Who Framed Roger Rabbit
  * Lords of the Rising Sun
  * King of Chicago
  * It Came From the Desert
  * Antheads
  * Sinbad
  * SDI
  * Rocket Ranger
  * Three Stooges
  * TV Sports Baseball
  * TV Sports Football
  * TV Sports Boxing
  * TV Sports Basketball
  * Wings
* New “Focus” categories: “PD Golden Age” & “PD Silver Age” — the best of Public Domain games on the Amiga.
* Requests for specific games and demo configurations for the Analogue Pocket setup added.
* Longer game names are allowed in the launcher, which avoids 99% of truncated names.
* Topaz Double was added for those of you wanting to run Workbench in a 1:1 pixel aspect ratio setup.
* Build script is now capable of running without any human interaction.

## 🛠️ Stay Updated *&* Help Us Make AmigaVision Even Better

If you find any bugs or settings that need improvements, file a ticket on the [AmigaVision] web site.

AmigaVision is an open source project, and we welcome contributions from the community. GitHub Pull Requests are very welcome!

You can follow us on [Bluesky], [Mastodon] or via [RSS], and updates will be posted when new releases happen.

Enjoy the best of what the Amiga platform has to offer!

[2023.06.06 release]:https://amiga.vision/2023.06.06
[AmigaVision]:https://amiga.vision
[Mastodon]:https://mastodon.social/@amiga_vision
[Bluesky]:https://bsky.app/profile/amiga.vision
[RSS]:https://amiga.vision/feed.xml