---
title: AmigaVision 2024.10.10 Released with Internet Support + MiSTer CD32 Launcher, 182 Game Updates
published: true
---

We are happy to announce that the latest version of [AmigaVision] is available!

AmigaVision is the ultimate Amiga games & demo scene setup for MiSTer & Pocket FPGAs + emulators — and Amiga 1200, 4000 & CD32.

## 🌍 Internet Support

**You can now connect to the Internet from your Amiga, via Wi-Fi or wired connection!**

This has been tested and works out of the box on MiSTer — if you are running an emulator or original hardware, the Miami TCP/IP program might need some different settings to work on your setup. Consult the documentation for your Amiga network card or your emulator.

To go online, exit to Workbench, and select `Apps` →`Network` → `Go Online` from the menu.

We have kept the setup as minimal as possible, *without* installing MUI, web browsers or any of that other craziness — the goal is to give you a working baseline internet connection, so *you* can decide what you want to install on top of it.

We have included two useful tools in that regard:

* **amiget** — Command line utility that connects to [Aminet], the primary source for free Amiga software. Try `amiget -s topaz` from the command line (`Shell`) for an example search, where you can ask it to download files and navigate the search results. Note that we recommend selecting a higher resolution if you can, since the tool uses quite a bit of window space — try 540p if you are on a modern 16:9 display.
* **DCTelnet** — Connect to BBSes from the Amiga like it's 1992! There are several active Amiga and Commodore 64 Bulletin Board Systems that are still active, where you can talk to fellow retro system enthusiasts. A refreshing alternative to social media!

Remember that you can install additional apps to your `Saves:` drive to make them [survive future upgrades](https://amiga.vision/docs#custom-scripts).

## 💿 CD³² Launcher for MiSTer

* **Separate CD32 launcher was added** to MiSTer's main core selection menu under `Console`, and will allow you to go straight into the CD³² setup. You can put CD³² disc images in `games/AmigaCD32`.
* **AmigaVision launcher entry is now optional**, you can add it back into the menu in "Options" if you have a MiSTer.
* **There is now a dedicated section** on [setting up and launching CD32 games] in the documentation.

We maintain a [CD32 on MiSTer compatibility spreadsheet] that also contains any special settings needed for a given game, if any. The majority of the CD³² games work — at time of this release, **134 out of 161 games** are playable.

## ✅ General Improvements

* **Default setup now starts in NTSC** instead of the resulting PAL → NTSC → PAL switching that was the case in the past, to cut down on any delays when booting the setup. All games will of course run in their correct PAL or NTSC resolutions (depending on origin of the game developer) as before, this is just to avoid the 1-2 second sync wait that is common on TVs and monitors every time a new resolution is applied. We default the launcher to NTSC for maximum compatibility with e.g. US consumer CRT TVs, since these often can't handle PAL.
* **Old-school LCD monitors that run in a 1280×1024** (5:4) resolution are pretty common, so we added a preset for this resolution to the Screen Mode menu in Workbench.

## 📝 Note on Upgrading

As always, **do a complete clean install when upgrading**, including adding the **new** `MiSTer.ini` settings if you are using that platform, as well as copying the config files.

This is especially important in this release to support both CD32 launcher presets, as well as PPP support for Internet.

There is a dedicated section in the [documentation on upgrading].

## 📺 100 Additional Games Now in Correct NTSC 5:6 Pixel Aspect Ratio

The AmigaVision project [cares obsessively] about making sure NTSC *&* PAL scaling and pixel aspect ratios are correct! We have identified another 100 games that should be rendered with the NTSC 5:6 Pixel Aspect Ratio — the following **100 games** have been updated with the correct settings:

<details>
<summary><b>Expand for Full List of Games</b></summary>

<ul>

<li> 4x4 Off-Road Racing</li>
<li> ABC Monday Night Football</li>
<li> Adventure Construction Set</li>
<li> After Burner (Sega)</li>
<li> Alien Fires 2199 A.D.</li>
<li> Alien Syndrome</li>
<li> Amiga Karate</li>
<li> Archon: The Light and the Dark</li>
<li> Archon II: Adept</li>
<li> Arcticfox</li>
<li> Arkanoid</li>
<li> The Bard's Tale: Tales of the Unknown</li>
<li> Battleship</li>
<li> BattleTech: The Crescent Hawk's Inception</li>
<li> Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure</li>
<li> Blue Angels: Formation Flight Simulation</li>
<li> Breach</li>
<li> Bubble Bobble</li>
<li> Buck Rogers XXVc: Countdown to Doomsday</li>
<li> Castle of Dr. Brain</li>
<li> Castle of Dr. Brain (MT-32)</li>
<li> Centurion: Defender of Rome</li>
<li> The Chessmaster 2100</li>
<li> Cosmic Relief: Prof. Renegade to the Rescue</li>
<li> Das Boot</li>
<li> DeathBringer (Spotlight)</li>
<li> Deja Vu: A Nightmare Comes True!!</li>
<li> Downhill Challenge</li>
<li> Dragon Lord</li>
<li> Dragon's Lair & Escape From Singe's Castle</li>
<li> DragonStrike</li>
<li> Dr. Doom's Revenge!</li>
<li> EbonStar</li>
<li> F-19 Stealth Fighter</li>
<li> Falcon</li>
<li> Fighter Duel Pro</li>
<li> Fighting Soccer</li>
<li> Final Assault</li>
<li> Four Crystals of Trazere</li>
<li> Four Crystals of Trazere (Get Legends Save Disk)</li>
<li> Gunship</li>
<li> Hacker</li>
<li> HardBall II</li>
<li> Hare Raising Havoc</li>
<li> Harrier Combat Simulator</li>
<li> Keef the Thief: A Boy and His Lockpick</li>
<li> King's Bounty</li>
<li> Links: The Challenge of Golf</li>
<li> Little Computer People: House-On-A-Disk</li>
<li> Manhunter 2: San Francisco</li>
<li> Mind Walker</li>
<li> Moebius</li>
<li> Monkey Business</li>
<li> MouseQuest</li>
<li> Nuclear War</li>
<li> Ogre</li>
<li> One on One</li>
<li> Out Run</li>
<li> Over the Net</li>
<li> Paladin</li>
<li> Peter Beardsley's International Football</li>
<li> Pioneer Plague</li>
<li> Platoon</li>
<li> Police Quest: In Pursuit of the Death Angel</li>
<li> Police Quest III: The Kindred</li>
<li> Police Quest III: The Kindred (MT-32)</li>
<li> Prince of Persia</li>
<li> Qix: The 'Computer Virus' Game</li>
<li> Rambo III</li>
<li> Red Lightning</li>
<li> Seven Cities of Gold</li>
<li> Shanghai</li>
<li> Silent Service II</li>
<li> Silicon Dreams</li>
<li> SimCity</li>
<li> Skyfox</li>
<li> Spacecutter</li>
<li> Space Harrier</li>
<li> Space Quest: The Sarien Encounter</li>
<li> Space Quest IV: Roger Wilco and the Time Rippers</li>
<li> Space Quest IV: Roger Wilco and the Time Rippers (MT-32)</li>
<li> Spacewrecked: 14 Billion Light Years From Earth</li>
<li> Spirit of Excalibur</li>
<li> Stellar 7</li>
<li> Street Sports Basketball</li>
<li> Sub Battle Simulator</li>
<li> Sword of Aragon</li>
<li> Thunder Blade</li>
<li> Total Eclipse</li>
<li> Treasures of the Savage Frontier</li>
<li> Turbo Sprint</li>
<li> Typhoon Thompson in Search for the Sea Child</li>
<li> Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar</li>
<li> Universe 3</li>
<li> Vortex</li>
<li> Windwalker</li>
<li> Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?</li>
<li> World Games</li>
<li> Zany Golf</li>
<li> Amiga Dealer Demo</li>

</ul>

</details>

## 📺 32 Games Now in Correct PAL Format

Additionally, there were **32 PAL format games** that were erroneously configured to run in NTSC, this has been fixed. The following games now run in PAL, and have hand-tuned 5×PAL Dynamic Crop settings:

<details>
<summary><b>Expand for Full List of Games</b></summary>

<ul>

<li> Aquaventura</li>
<li> Archipelagos</li>
<li> Arena</li>
<li> Armour-geddon</li>
<li> Back to the Future Part 3</li>
<li> Better Dead Than Alien</li>
<li> Bill's Tomato Game</li>
<li> Carthage</li>
<li> Chips Challenge</li>
<li> Cluedo: Master Detective</li>
<li> Cosmo Ranger</li>
<li> Cytron</li>
<li> Damocles</li>
<li> Dark Castle</li>
<li> Dark Side</li>
<li> Elf (Ocean)</li>
<li> Full Metal Planete</li>
<li> Ghostbusters 2</li>
<li> Golden Axe</li>
<li> Hybris</li>
<li> Killing Cloud</li>
<li> Laser Squad</li>
<li> Nightdawn</li>
<li> Plague</li>
<li> Plan 9 From Outer Space</li>
<li> Plutos</li>
<li> Prison</li>
<li> Spaceball </li>
<li> Super Off Road</li>
<li> Super Space Invaders</li>
<li> Theme Park Mystery</li>
<li> Tip-Off</li>

</ul>

</details>

## 🕹️ Game Additions *&* Updates

AmigaVision now contains **4395 hand-tuned game and demo configurations**.

Configurations are current with WHDLoad as of 2024.10.02, **50 games** have been added or fixed:

<details>
<summary><b>Expand for Full List of Games</b></summary>

<ul>

<li> A320 Airbus</li>
<li> A320 Airbus Edition Europa</li>
<li> A320 Airbus Edition USA</li>
<li> A320 Airbus Vol 2</li>
<li> AirSupply</li>
<li> Amidar</li>
<li> Arcade Fruit Machine</li>
<li> Aventura Espacial (Spanish)</li>
<li> Aventura Original (Spanish)</li>
<li> Blades Of Steel</li>
<li> Celtic Heart</li>
<li> Centerbase</li>
<li> Clown-O-Mania</li>
<li> Diosa De Cozumel (Spanish)</li>
<li> DonkeyKong</li>
<li> Doody</li>
<li> Drip</li>
<li> DynaBlaster</li>
<li> Elevator Action</li>
<li> Galaga</li>
<li> HammerBoy</li>
<li> Heimdall</li>
<li> Heimdall (German)</li>
<li> Heimdall (Spanish)</li>
<li> Heimdall (French)</li>
<li> Humans 2</li>
<li> Humans 2 (German)</li>
<li> Little Princess</li>
<li> Little Princess2</li>
<li> Mikro Mortal Tennis</li>
<li> Ms. PacMan</li>
<li> Rectangle</li>
<li> Seelenturm (German)</li>
<li> SexyDroids</li>
<li> SpaceHarrier2</li>
<li> Sqrxz2</li>
<li> Sqrxz3</li>
<li> Sqrxz4</li>
<li> Super Gem'Z</li>
<li> Tapper</li>
<li> Tech</li>
<li> Tetris AGA</li>
<li> Tower of Souls</li>
<li> Treasure Trap 2</li>
<li> Trex Warrior</li>
<li> Trolls</li>
<li> Tubular Worlds</li>
<li> Violator</li>
<li> Willy The Kid (German)</li>
<li> Windwalker 2</li>

</ul>

</details>

## 👾 Arcadia Systems Arcade Category

Arcadia was an unsuccessful venture by Mastertronic to create an Amiga 500-based multi-game arcade system. In honor of the recent [Arcadia restoration videos from RMC Retro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqDaVZ8TNL4), we have added a category for these games.

AmigaVision has had configurations for these games since the start, but you can now easily find them all under `Special Hardware` → `Arcadia Systems` in the launcher. The games are not great (to put it kindly), but are an interesting curiosity.

There is also [documentation on how to operate the games](https://amiga.vision/docs#what-is-arcadia-systems).

## 🥧 PiStorm Compatibility

If you use original Amiga hardware, you may be familiar with the [PiStorm](https://www.raspberrypi.com/news/pistorm-keeping-the-amiga-alive/) project, where an expansion board that fits a Raspberry Pi for software CPU emulation (among other capabilities) can be added to original Amiga hardware to give a massive speed boost, as well as HDMI output and SD card support for hard drives.

We identified a problem with PiStorm's SCSI emulation support that would block AmigaVision from working on it, and through the assistance of their development team, verified a fix that could be included in the upcoming release.

If you have a PiStorm installed in your Amiga, their latest [1.0.4 release](https://github.com/michalsc/Emu68/releases/tag/v1.0.4) includes this fix.

Also, make sure you install the [WHDLoad PiStorm Wrapper](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cgGJ7pGQTOL4VZXLp_IFwdjUrVWDI3Mw) to apply PiStorm-specific configuration options when running games and demos.

## 🔥 Demo Scene Productions

We have a lot of love for the — still active! — Amiga demo scene! We arranged a few demo parties ourselves back in the 90s, and are always looking for exciting demos we can add to AmigaVision.

Recently, there was a [demo party in Berlin](https://www.demoparty.berlin), and we have added a few entries from the demo competition there, as well as some classics.

**This release adds the following demos *&* disk magazines to the AmigaVision launcher:**

* The Evil Forces — “Digital Noize 2”
* Old Bulls — “Moments”
* Grapevine 17 

…and if you boot up the `Amiga 500` setup, you will be able to enjoy these demos straight from floppy disk images from the [Deadline 2024 party](https://demozoo.org/parties/4775/#competition_19407) in Berlin last weekend:

* Desire — Inside the Machine
* Spreadpoint — 4FX 

"Inside the Machine" is especially recommended, some excellent demo scene hardware trickery going on there, along with a banging soundtrack!

## 🤝 Greetings

In traditional Amiga demo scene parlance, "greetings" are a way to express gratitude and admiration for other demo groups or for help they have contributed — this release has been helped very much by our testers and contributors:

* **Iain** — for catching several CD32 configuration mistakes before release, and overall testing *&* feedback.
* **hitm4n** — for continuing to contribute high resolution screenshots for the upcoming new launcher.
* **rsn8887** — for always ensuring that PAL and NTSC titles run with the correct settings, as well as helping debug the Internet setup.

## 🛠️ Stay Updated *&* Help Us Make AmigaVision Even Better

If you find any bugs or settings that need improvements, file a ticket on the [AmigaVision] web site. 

AmigaVision is an open source project, and we welcome contributions from the community.

You can **follow us** on [Mastodon], [https://bsky.app/profile/amiga.vision] or via [RSS], and updates will be posted when new releases happen.

**Enjoy the best of what the Amiga platform has to offer!**

[AmigaVision]:https://amiga.vision
[Mastodon]:https://mastodon.social/@amiga_vision
[https://bsky.app/profile/amiga.vision]:https://bsky.app/profile/amigavision.bsky.social
[RSS]:https://amiga.vision/feed.xml

[Aminet]:https://aminet.net
[CD32 on MiSTer compatibility spreadsheet]:https://amiga.vision/cd32
[documentation on upgrading]:https://amiga.vision/docs#upgrading
[setting up and launching CD32 games]:https://amiga.vision/docs#cd-games-support
[cares obsessively]:https://amiga.vision/sachs
[issue tracker]:https://github.com/amigavision/AmigaVision/issues