---
title: AmigaVision 2025.05.05 Released with RetroTink 4K scaler support + 86 Game Updates
published: true
---

We are happy to announce that the latest version of [AmigaVision] is available!

AmigaVision is the ultimate Amiga games & demo scene setup for MiSTer & Pocket FPGAs + emulators — and Amiga 1200, 4000 & CD32.

## ✅ General Improvements

* **Default chip setup now starts in PAL on MiSTer** — we did not sufficiently test the NTSC change to AmigaVision 2024.10.10, which should (on paper) work, but in reality does not, since there are a lot of games and demos that bypass the software settings. So we reverted the change, sorry about that! We tested it before release, but unfortunately didn't hit any of the edge cases at the time.
* **Workbench is now 216 pixels (NTSC) or 270 pixels (PAL) tall** — this ensures there are no black top/bottom borders in 1080p/4K, since those sizes integer scale cleanly into those resolutions.
* **WHDLoad** has been updated to version 19.1.
* **Amiga 600HD setup** now has access to `AmigaVision-Saves.hdf` in addition to the shared MiSTer drive.
* **Back navigation** in the launcher re-enabled.

## 📺 RetroTink 4K Scaler Profiles for MiSTer

The [RetroTink 4K](https://www.retrotink.com/shop/retrotink-4k) is a 4K scaler that will take the native signal coming out of your console, computer or MiSTer, and scale it to 4K, with the ability to add processing to let it look like a CRT, and edge-to-edge rendering.

We have made a set of dedicated, preconfigured RetroTink 4K auto-configuring DV1 profiles for MiSTer — both for the Amiga, and for the majority of console and computer cores. 

We couldn't find a simple, good starting point for MiSTer setups or other setups that don't use analog inputs, so we made some. Everyone's preferences are of course different when it comes to scanlines and shadow masks and cropping, but at least this is a great starting point that you can modify to your personal taste.

If you have a RetroTink 4K, you can [download the auto-configuring DV1 profiles](https://github.com/amigavision/RT4K) from the Releases section, instructions on how to install are included.

## 📝 Note on Upgrading

As always, **do a complete clean install when upgrading**, including adding the **new** `MiSTer.ini` settings if you are using that platform, as well as copying the config files.

This is **EXTREMELY** important in this release since a lot of file names and configurations have changed!

While this is a relatively straightforward update, we chose to make 2025 the cut-off point where the old "MegaAGS" naming scheme no longer exists on the file system (we are still waiting for the new artwork for the launcher, though 😅). Hence, it's important to do a clean install of absolutely everything, including CD32, Amiga 500, and also the "Extras" setups (Amiga 500HD/600HD) if you use those.

Additionally,

* If you have an existing saves hard drive you want to keep, you need to rename it from `MegaAGS-Saves.hdf` to `AmigaVision-Saves.hdf`
* If you use an Analogue Pocket, pay special attention to the renaming steps you have to do to the two HDF files.

There is a dedicated section in the [documentation on upgrading].

## 🕹️ 78 Game Additions *&* Updates

AmigaVision now contains **4419 hand-tuned game and demo configurations**.

Configurations are current with WHDLoad as of 2025.05.05, **78 games** have been added or fixed:

<details>
<summary><b>Expand for Full List of Games</b></summary>

<ul>
<li>Advanced Fruit Machine Simulator</li>
<li>All Terrain Racing</li>
<li>Apidya</li>
<li>BAT2 (Spanish)</li>
<li>Beneath a Steel Sky — now uses the CD32 edition with voices!</li>
<li>Black Dawn 2</li>
<li>Buck Rogers (German)</li>
<li>Burger Time</li>
<li>Cadaver & The Payoff</li>
<li>Castlevania AGA</li>
<li>Cedric</li>
<li>Charly</li>
<li>Chuck Yeagers Advanced Flight Trainer 2</li>
<li>Commando</li>
<li>CyberEmpires</li>
<li>Cybernoid (Old Tile Set)</li>
<li>Cybersphere</li>
<li>Cybersphere Plus</li>
<li>DesertStrike</li>
<li>¿Donde Esta Carmen Sandiego Buscala Por Todo El Mundo?</li>
<li>Dungeonette (Demo)</li>
<li>Earl Weaver Baseball</li>
<li>Elevator Action</li>
<li>Elf (Ocean)</li>
<li>Elvira</li>
<li>Elvira (German with spelling fixes)</li>
<li>Elvira (French)</li>
<li>Elysium</li>
<li>Enchanted Land</li>
<li>Exodus 3010</li>
<li>Exodus 3010 (German)</li>
<li>Future Sport</li>
<li>Ghost Battle</li>
<li>Grimblood</li>
<li>Head Over Heels</li>
<li>High Steel</li>
<li>Humans 3</li>
<li>Immortal</li>
<li>Jim Power</li>
<li>Kings Bounty (Faster Version)</li>
<li>La Poursuite De Carmen Sandiego Dans Le Monde</li>
<li>Lethal Weapon</li>
<li>Liquid Kids</li>
<li>Mega Typhoon</li>
<li>Millennium 2.2</li>
<li>Millennium 2.2 (German)</li>
<li>Neuromancer</li>
<li>Nicky 2</li>
<li>North And South</li>
<li>Oscar</li>
<li>Pac Mania</li>
<li>Paradroid 90</li>
<li>Pooyan</li>
<li>PopUp</li>
<li>Powermonger</li>
<li>Predator 2</li>
<li>Quadralien</li>
<li>Quicksilva</li>
<li>Revenge of Defender</li>
<li>RoboCop</li>
<li>RoboCop 2</li>
<li>Ruff N Tumble</li>
<li>Sensible World of Soccer 24/25</li>
<li>Shadow of the Beast</li>
<li>Smarty & the Nasty Gluttons</li>
<li>Summer Challenge</li>
<li>Superfrog</li>
<li>Think Twice</li>
<li>Transarctica (Spanish)</li>
<li>Transputor</li>
<li>Trolls</li>
<li>Turrican 2</li>
<li>Uridium 2</li>
<li>Wiz N Liz</li>
<li>Wizmo</li>
<li>Wonder Dog</li>
<li>Xenomorph</li>
<li>Zyconix</li>
</ul>
</details>

For a detailed summary of what's been fixed in a given game, check the [WHDLoad site](https://www.whdload.de/news.html).

## 📺 2 Games Updated to Run in Correct NTSC 5:6 Pixel Aspect Ratio

The AmigaVision project [cares obsessively] about making sure NTSC *&* PAL scaling and pixel aspect ratios are correct! We have identified a few more games that should be rendered with the NTSC 5:6 Pixel Aspect Ratio:

* Wings of Death — The music here was running way too slow, and it's also an Atari ST port (but still a great game! 😅), so the PAR should be 5:6. Order has been restored to the universe.
* Ultima VI — US game, was running in PAL for some reason. No more! The other Ultima games were already correctly configured.

## 📺 6 Games Updated to Run in Correct PAL Format

Additionally, there were some games that were erroneously configured to run in NTSC, this has been fixed. The following games now run in PAL, and have hand-tuned 5×PAL Dynamic Crop settings:

* 3001 O’Connor's Fight
* 5th Gear
* Ikari Warriors
* Slayer
* Victory Road: The Pathway To Fear
* Zynaps

## 🔥 Demo Scene Productions

We have a lot of love for the — still active! — Amiga demo scene! We arranged a few demo parties ourselves back in the 90s, and are always looking for exciting demos we can add to AmigaVision.

**This release adds the following demos *&* disk magazines to the AmigaVision launcher:**

* Desire — Inside the Machine
* The Electronic Knights — Transhuman

"Inside the Machine" is especially recommended, with some excellent demo scene hardware trickery going on, along with a banging soundtrack!

Additionally, the Revision 2025 demo party recently concluded, and we have added the following trackloader demo to the Amiga 500 core:

* Lemon — 3D Demo 3 — The Last Drop

Worth your time! Great soundtrack from Virgill and also with a conversion of a later Jesper Kyd soundtrack.

## 🤝 Greetings

In traditional Amiga demo scene parlance, "greetings" are a way to express gratitude and admiration for other demo groups or for help they have contributed — this release has been helped very much by our testers and contributors:

* **hitm4n** — for continuing to contribute high resolution screenshots for the upcoming new launcher.
* **rsn8887, bfbiii, rhester72** — for always ensuring that PAL and NTSC titles run with the correct settings.
* **Iain McNulty** — for database update nerdery.
* **Sorgelig** — for continuing to update the Amiga core.
* **robinsonb5** — for chipping away at any core bugs and incompatibilities.

## 🛠️ Stay Updated *&* Help Us Make AmigaVision Even Better

If you find any bugs or settings that need improvements, file a ticket on the [AmigaVision] web site. 

AmigaVision is an open source project, and we welcome contributions from the community.

You can **follow us** on [Bluesky], [Mastodon] or via [RSS], and updates will be posted when new releases happen.

**Enjoy the best of what the Amiga platform has to offer!**

[AmigaVision]:https://amiga.vision
[Mastodon]:https://mastodon.social/@amiga_vision
[Bluesky]:https://bsky.app/profile/amiga.vision
[RSS]:https://amiga.vision/feed.xml

[Aminet]:https://aminet.net
[CD32 on MiSTer compatibility spreadsheet]:https://amiga.vision/cd32
[documentation on upgrading]:https://amiga.vision/docs#upgrading
[setting up and launching CD32 games]:https://amiga.vision/docs#cd-games-support
[cares obsessively]:https://amiga.vision/sachs
[issue tracker]:https://github.com/amigavision/AmigaVision/issues